首段 static
1.The data in the pie/bar/line/table chart gives us an idea of how 主题词 has changed as society progresses.
2.It can be identified that each factor has exerted a differing degree of influence.
First and foremost, item1 is the most popular and occupies the largest share with number1.
3.Following are item2 and item3, with proportions of number2 and number3, respectively.
However, the preferences（此处若是只有一个要用单数，后面的谓语动词要用is） 
for item4 (and item5) are relatively less, accounting for number4 (and number5), respectively.
[注：如果只有3-4个数据项，删除item4和item5相关句子]

首段 dynamic
1.The data in the pie/bar/line chart gives us an idea of how 主题词 has changed as society progresses.
2.It is pronounced that item1 and item2 go through similar/opposite trends.
[补充：如果只有一条曲线，如2023真题 health literacy,可以分时间段描述，如：that health literacy during 2016-2021 and 2012-2015 go through ....] 
The data of the former(第一条) climbed/declined rapidly/sharply from number1 to number2 over the period between time1 and time2.
3.In comparison, the data of the latter（第二条） rose/declined relatively gently from number3 to number4.
[补充：如果还有item3，平稳数据（几乎不变），可加：Meanwhile, item3 remained relatively stable/almost unchanged, hovering around number5 during the same period.]
[补充：如果还有item3，平稳上升/下降（几乎没变化，如10.1→10.2），可加：Meanwhile, item3 experienced a slight/minimal increase/decrease from number5 to number6, remaining almost unchanged during the same period.]
[补充：如果还有item3，动态数据（有明显变化），可加：As for item3, it has undergone a relatively slow/slight decline/growth during 
the same period, descending/ascending from number5 to number6.]
[补充说明1：如果选择"opposite trends"（一条上升一条下降），需要根据实际情况明确描述item1和item2分别是上升还是下降]
[补充说明2：上升动词：increased, climbed, rose, grew | 下降动词：decreased, declined, dropped, fell 
| 程度副词：slowly, rapidly, sharply, gently, steadily]

中段

1.According to the statistical information available(可用的，现有的), 
the deep-rooted（深层次的） drivers（驱动力） of 主题词 can be dissected（剖析） as follows.  
根据现有的统计信息，主题词的深层次驱动力可以如下剖析。

2.Firstly, 主题词 is a microcosm（缩影） of the larger simultaneous（同时的） improvement 
of citizens'（这里可以根据题干替换为主体，比如college students`） life quality and happiness and country's GDP.  
首先，主题词是公民生活质量与幸福感以及国家GDP同步提升的一个缩影。

3.Secondly, given the focus on humanitarian（人文的） concepts by developed countries（此处也可以替换为切合主体的机构，如educations）, 
主题词 is considered a more prosperous（繁荣） and progressive civilization appropriate（契合） to current era.  
其次，鉴于发达国家对人文理念的关注，主题词被认为是契合当下时代的更为繁荣和进步的文明体现。

4.Thirdly, social media platforms and the era of the internet expose the public(the public可以替换为主体群体students) 
to 主题词 at unimaginable rates, 
and the instantaneous（即时的） dissemination（传播） and discussion have put it in the mainstream.  
第三，社交媒体平台及互联网时代使公众以难以想象的速度接触到主题词，信息的即时传播和讨论使其成为主流。

5.Fourthly, the increasing number of individuals（college students） pursuing high-quality life 
has provided substantial impetus（推动力） to 主题词.  
第四，越来越多追求高质量生活的人为主题词的发展提供了强大的推动力。

6.Ultimately, the diverse and complementary（互补） policies introduced by the government
（educational authorities/educational institutions/the education department） have laid a solid foundation
for the development of 主题词.  
最后，政府出台的多样化、互补性的政策为主题词的发展奠定了坚实的基础。

尾段
1. It can be concluded from the above analysis that 主题词 embodies the progress that has occurred in the 
citizens' lives (college students' lives).
可以从以上分析得出结论，主题词体现了公民生活（或大学生生活）所发生的进步。

2. It is widely recognized that Chinese nation has quite a powerful cohesion, 
（It is widely recognized that college students have a strong desire for freedom/a strong pursuit of freedom）
therefore, the government（educational institude） 
should be far-sighted in formulating laws(pulicies) and regulations on 主题词, which would further improve the living conditions of citizens.
众所周知，中华民族具有强大的凝聚力，因此，政府在制订关于主题词的法律法规时应具备前瞻性，这将进一步改善公民的生活状况。

3. Moreover, individuals should emphasize learning and innovation to better contribute to the development 
of 主题词 and avoid biased opinions.
此外，个人应重视学习与创新，从而更好地促进主题词的发展，并避免产生偏见。